Doc 13345 improve user/role documentation (#886)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/howto/how-to-create-users.adoc

[source,bash]
----
curl -vX POST "http://localhost:4985/mydatabase/_user/" -H
"accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d
'{"name": "Edge1User", "password": "pass"}' 

$ curl -vX PUT "http://localhost:4985/mydatabase/_user/Edge1User" -H
"accept: application/json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d
'{"name": "Edge1User", "admin_channels": ["RandomChannel"]}' 
----

<.> Add new user "Edge1User", no `admin_channels` or `role` is specified here.
<.> Update existing user "Edge1User" and add `admin_channels` data

---

> Using Named collections::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using collections::
```

Can we swap using collections to the top vs the non collection aware case, because I think this is the more common use.

Just for FYI, anytime that is it not named collections, you can use `_default` scope and `_default` collection, where you would specify `collectionname` or `scopename` in any of the REST APIs. I don't think we need to include this detail here but just for general FYI.

This method is convenient for testing and to get started. +
Use the Admin REST API for production system changes.

[#{tabs}]
======

Using named collections::
+
---

[source,json]
----
{
  "databases": {
    "mydatabase": {
      "users": { // <.>
        "GUEST": {"disabled": true},
        "Edge1User": {
          "password": "pass", // <.>
          "collection_access": {
            "scopename": {
              "collectionname": {
                "admin_channels": ["RandomChannel"]
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
----

<.> {configuration-schema-database--pfx--db}-users[databases.$db.users]

> <.> Here we add the Edge1 user with collection-aware channel access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> Here we add the Edge1 user with access to channel `RandomChannel` in the scope `scopename` and collection `collectionname`.
```

FYI, a channel is scope to a specific scope and collection so you can multiple collections, you could have the same channel assigned to each collection.

---

Using default collection::
+
---

[source,json]

> ----

Reviewer: Formatting of the json below is a bit inconsistent:

```
        "Edge1User": {"password": "pass", // <.>
                      "admin_channels": ["RandomChannel"]},
```
